Bella. Hi. I would like to begin by acknowledging that this is . . . unusual? I get it, no one would ever expect whatever this is. But you're here now, so please stay with me here, I beg you.
This might seem out-of-place and awkward, though that's just what I'm like. Communication has never been my strong point.
What I'm trying to say is that I've developed a better understanding over the past few years, and I now realise that I was wrong. And not just in one case - I've been doing everything wrong for as long as I can remember - but who can blame me? I'm only human. That said, I have many regrets because of these mistakes, and I wanted to move on, though it took even longer for me to realise that means I'd need to correct myself.
I'm sure you can see where this is going, and some might say I'm too late - maybe even most - but I say it's better late than never. That is why I want to tell you that I know my conduct was horrendous, and I have been trying to improve myself every day since (with varied success), though, most importantly, words cannot describe how sorry I am, and forever will be. No one should ever have to be in your position, and no one should ever act as rudely or immaturely as I did for you two years ago now.
Whether you choose to forgive me or not doesn't matter so much, and I can repeat my apologies until the end of time if I have to, though I also acknowledge that moving forward is the only option. I know I won't ever be perfect: I will likely never be the nicest, chattiest, sportiest, fittest, most positive, attractive, popular, brightest - not even the most intelligent, no matter what Elliot TC says! And the list goes on and on and on ( . . . and on), but I don't care, because I am willing to learn, and that's greater than most. My personal philosophy's sole focus is, after all, incremental gains - if I am better off at the end of the day than at the start of it, even if only slightly, then that day has been worth living.
And it only dawned on me just before my 16th birthday in late December that time passes so quickly - too quickly - and that made me look at the world very differently. I remember it well: I was in bed pondering what my life would become now that I was to then be in my late teens, and it became clear. Nothing would change. Absolutely nothing. Not if I didn't change myself first. I told myself that 2026 would be my year, and for the first time I believed it. For so long, I had just followed along, being swept up as time carried me along a path that I wouldn't ever have taken had I not been so complacent - yes, I was complacent - and I wanted to change.
I should stress that I *am* still the same person. I'm still incredibly introverted at best. What *is* different is my attitude. I now chase what I need, not all that is expected of me. And that includes you; we both know what happened two years ago, how I ruined the moment, and I can only *imagine* how you felt. You reached out, I ignored it, and now it's my turn: I love you Bella, I really do. No one else compares, and you deserve to know that. Whether you care or not, I'd still rather you know.